docs/source/ezblock/play_with_ezblock.rst, before:

.. note::

    Hello, welcome to the SunFounder Raspberry Pi & Arduino & ESP32 Enthusiasts Community on Facebook! Dive deeper into Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and ESP32 with fellow enthusiasts.

    **Why Join?**

    - **Expert Support**: Solve post-sale issues and technical challenges with help from our community and team.
    - **Learn & Share**: Exchange tips and tutorials to enhance your skills.
    - **Exclusive Previews**: Get early access to new product announcements and sneak peeks.
    - **Special Discounts**: Enjoy exclusive discounts on our newest products.
    - **Festive Promotions and Giveaways**: Take part in giveaways and holiday promotions.

    👉 Ready to explore and create with us? Click [|link_sf_facebook|] and join today!

.. _play_ezblock:

Play with Ezblock
===========================

For beginners and novices, EzBlock is a software development platform offered by SunFounder for Raspberry Pi. Ezbock offers two programming environments: a graphical environment and a Python environment.

It is available for almost all types of devices, including Mac, PC, and Android.

Here is a tutorial to help you complete EzBlock installation, download, and use.


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    quick_guide_on_ezblock
    get_start_app
    calibrate


**Projects**

Here, we show you the projects of playing PiCrawler on Ezblock Studio. If you are new to these, you can refer to the code images inside each project to program, and can learn the use of blocks according to TIPS.

If you don't want to write these projects one by one, we have uploaded them to Ezblock Studio's Examples page and you can run them directly or edit them and run them later.


.. toctree::


    ezblock_move
    ezblock_remote_control
    ezblock_sound_effect
    ezblock_avoid
    ezblock_computer_vision
    ezblock_bull_fight
    ezblock_treasure_hunt
    ezblock_do_step
    ezblock_do_single_leg
    ezblock_record_new_step   
    ezblock_twist
    ezblock_emotional_robot

Commit message:

add the note for pi 5

docs/source/ezblock/play_with_ezblock.rst, after:

.. note::

    Hello, welcome to the SunFounder Raspberry Pi & Arduino & ESP32 Enthusiasts Community on Facebook! Dive deeper into Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and ESP32 with fellow enthusiasts.

    **Why Join?**

    - **Expert Support**: Solve post-sale issues and technical challenges with help from our community and team.
    - **Learn & Share**: Exchange tips and tutorials to enhance your skills.
    - **Exclusive Previews**: Get early access to new product announcements and sneak peeks.
    - **Special Discounts**: Enjoy exclusive discounts on our newest products.
    - **Festive Promotions and Giveaways**: Take part in giveaways and holiday promotions.

    👉 Ready to explore and create with us? Click [|link_sf_facebook|] and join today!

.. _play_ezblock:

Play with Ezblock
===========================

.. note::

    If you are using a Raspberry Pi 5, you will not be able to use our graphical programming software, EzBlock, to program the PiCrawler.

For beginners and novices, EzBlock is a software development platform offered by SunFounder for Raspberry Pi. Ezbock offers two programming environments: a graphical environment and a Python environment.

It is available for almost all types of devices, including Mac, PC, and Android.

Here is a tutorial to help you complete EzBlock installation, download, and use.


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    quick_guide_on_ezblock
    get_start_app
    calibrate


**Projects**

Here, we show you the projects of playing PiCrawler on Ezblock Studio. If you are new to these, you can refer to the code images inside each project to program, and can learn the use of blocks according to TIPS.

If you don't want to write these projects one by one, we have uploaded them to Ezblock Studio's Examples page and you can run them directly or edit them and run them later.


.. toctree::


    ezblock_move
    ezblock_remote_control
    ezblock_sound_effect
    ezblock_avoid
    ezblock_computer_vision
    ezblock_bull_fight
    ezblock_treasure_hunt
    ezblock_do_step
    ezblock_do_single_leg
    ezblock_record_new_step   
    ezblock_twist
    ezblock_emotional_robot
