docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. note::

    Hello, welcome to the SunFounder Raspberry Pi & Arduino & ESP32 Enthusiasts Community on Facebook! Dive deeper into Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and ESP32 with fellow enthusiasts.

    **Why Join?**

    - **Expert Support**: Solve post-sale issues and technical challenges with help from our community and team.
    - **Learn & Share**: Exchange tips and tutorials to enhance your skills.
    - **Exclusive Previews**: Get early access to new product announcements and sneak peeks.
    - **Special Discounts**: Enjoy exclusive discounts on our newest products.
    - **Festive Promotions and Giveaways**: Take part in giveaways and holiday promotions.

    👉 Ready to explore and create with us? Click [|link_sf_facebook|] and join today!

SunFounder Raspberry Pi Robot - |link_PiCrawler|
=====================================================

* |link_Pi_Crawler|

Thank you for choosing our |link_PiCrawler|.

.. note::
    This document is available in the following languages.

        * |link_en_tutorials|
        * |link_zh_tutorials|
        * |link_ja_tutorials|
        * |link_german_tutorials|
        * |link_fr_tutorials|
        * |link_es_tutorials|
        * |link_it_tutorials|
   
    Please click on the respective links to access the document in your preferred language.


PiCrawler is a Raspberry Pi quadruped robot with aluminum alloy structure. 
It is equipped with a camera module, which can perform color recognition, face detection and other items; 
12 metal gear servos support it to walk, dance, and pose various postures; 
the ultrasonic module on the body allows it to quickly detect obstacles in front of it; the expansion board-robot HAT is equipped with a speaker, allowing it to express emotions such as happiness and excitement.


This document includes the list and assembly pdf, Robot HAT introduction and PiCrawler programming.

The programming part is divided into two chapters: :ref:`play_ezblock` & :ref:`play_python`, each chapter allows you to explain how to make PiCrawler work the way you want.

Ezblock Studio is a development platform developed by SunFounder for beginners, aiming to lower the barriers to entry for Raspberry Pi. It has two programming languages: Graphical and Python, which can be used on almost all different types of devices. With Bluetooth and Wi-Fi support, you can download codes on Ezblock Studio and remotely control Raspberry Pi.

More experienced makers can use the popular programming language-Python.

If you have any questions, please send an email to service@sunfounder.com and we will respond as soon as possible.


**Content**

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    About this Kit <self>
    python/play_with_python 
    ezblock/play_with_ezblock
    servo_zeroing
    openai
    appendix/appendix
    hardware/cpn_hardware
    faq

Copyright Notice
--------------------------

All contents including but not limited to texts, images, and code in this manual are owned by the SunFounder Company. You should only use it for personal study,investigation, enjoyment, or other non-commercial or nonprofit purposes, under therelated regulations and copyrights laws, without infringing the legal rights of the author and relevant right holders. For any individual or organization that uses these for commercial profit without permission, the Company reserves the right to take legal action.

Commit message:

docs: restructure documentation and migrate shared content to submodule
- Replace local appendix and quick-start content with shared submodule references
- Reorganize Python guide into modular sections with clearer flow
- Update configuration files to support submodule integration
- Remove duplicate image files and outdated tutorials
- Add .gitignore for build artifacts and IDE files

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. note::

    Hello, welcome to the SunFounder Raspberry Pi & Arduino & ESP32 Enthusiasts Community on Facebook! Dive deeper into Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and ESP32 with fellow enthusiasts.

    **Why Join?**

    - **Expert Support**: Solve post-sale issues and technical challenges with help from our community and team.
    - **Learn & Share**: Exchange tips and tutorials to enhance your skills.
    - **Exclusive Previews**: Get early access to new product announcements and sneak peeks.
    - **Special Discounts**: Enjoy exclusive discounts on our newest products.
    - **Festive Promotions and Giveaways**: Take part in giveaways and holiday promotions.

    👉 Ready to explore and create with us? Click [|link_sf_facebook|] and join today!

SunFounder Raspberry Pi Robot - |link_PiCrawler|
=====================================================

* |link_Pi_Crawler|

Thank you for choosing our |link_PiCrawler|.

.. note::
    This document is available in the following languages.

        * |link_en_tutorials|
        * |link_zh_tutorials|
        * |link_ja_tutorials|
        * |link_german_tutorials|
        * |link_fr_tutorials|
        * |link_es_tutorials|
        * |link_it_tutorials|
   
    Please click on the respective links to access the document in your preferred language.

.. image:: img/PiCrawler.jpg
    :width: 500px
    :align: center

PiCrawler is a Raspberry Pi–based quadruped robot with an aluminum alloy structure.  
It features a camera module for color recognition and face detection, 12 metal-gear servos for walking and dynamic movements, an ultrasonic sensor for obstacle detection, and a Robot HAT with a built-in speaker for expressive sound effects.

This documentation includes the parts list, assembly guide, Robot HAT introduction, and PiCrawler programming tutorials.

Programming is divided into two chapters:

* :ref:`play_ezblock`: Use Ezblock Studio for graphical programming.
* :ref:`play_python`: More experienced users can program PiCrawler directly using Python.

If you have any questions, please contact service@sunfounder.com.


**Content**

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    About this Kit <self>
    python/play_with_python 
    ezblock/play_with_ezblock
    servo_zeroing
    openai
    appendix
    hardware/cpn_hardware
    faq

Copyright Notice
--------------------------

All contents including but not limited to texts, images, and code in this manual are owned by the SunFounder Company. You should only use it for personal study,investigation, enjoyment, or other non-commercial or nonprofit purposes, under therelated regulations and copyrights laws, without infringing the legal rights of the author and relevant right holders. For any individual or organization that uses these for commercial profit without permission, the Company reserves the right to take legal action.
